README.md, before:

# CS61C Assignments Repository

*English | [中文](#中文说明)*

---

## English

### Overview
This repository contains all **labs**, and **projects** for the UC Berkeley CS61C course. It is designed to facilitate practice and deepen your understanding of the course material.

You can fork this repository to create your own working environment, track your progress, and store your solutions.

### Features
- **Labs:** Hands-on practice to strengthen core concepts.
- **Projects:** Large-scale assignments to apply knowledge in real-world scenarios.

### How to Use

#### 1. Fork the Repository
1. Go to the repository: [CS61C-Assignments](https://github.com/InsideEmpire/CS61C-Assignments).
2. Click the "Fork" button in the top-right corner of the page to create your own copy of the repository.

#### 2. Clone Your Forked Repository
1. Open your terminal or command prompt.
2. Clone your forked repository to your local machine:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/CS61C-Assignments.git
   ```

#### 3. Work on Assignments
1. Navigate into the repository folder:
   ```bash
   cd CS61C-Assignments
   ```
2. Choose the directory for the assignment you want to work on (e.g., `hw01` for Homework 1):
   ```bash
   cd hw/hw01
   ```
3. Open the `.c` or `.h` files in your preferred text editor and start solving the problems!

---

### Notes
- Ensure you have the necessary tools installed, such as **gcc** or **clang** for compiling C code and a make tool for running tests.
- Use a text editor like VS Code, Sublime Text, or Vim for an enhanced coding experience.

### Disclaimer
- This repository is **unofficial** and is not affiliated with or endorsed by UC Berkeley or the CS61C teaching team.
- All course materials and content are property of UC Berkeley CS61C staff and are provided here for **personal learning and practice** only. Please respect academic integrity policies.

---

## 中文说明

### 项目简介
本仓库包含了 UC Berkeley CS61C 课程的所有 **实验 (labs)** 和 **项目 (projects)**。通过 Fork 本仓库，您可以创建自己的工作环境，跟踪学习进度并保存作业的解答。

### 功能特色
- **实验 (labs)：** 实践操作，帮助加深对核心概念的理解。
- **项目 (projects)：** 通过大型项目，综合应用所学知识，解决现实问题。

### 使用方法

#### 1. Fork 本仓库
1. 打开仓库：[CS61C-Assignments](https://github.com/InsideEmpire/CS61C-Assignments)。
2. 点击页面右上角的 "Fork" 按钮，将仓库复制到您的 GitHub 账号下。

#### 2. 克隆您 Fork 的仓库
1. 打开终端或命令提示符。
2. 将 Fork 后的仓库克隆到本地：
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/CS61C-Assignments.git
   ```

#### 3. 开始完成作业
1. 进入仓库目录：
   ```bash
   cd CS61C-Assignments
   ```
2. 选择您想完成的作业目录，例如 `hw01` 表示家庭作业 1：
   ```bash
   cd hw/hw01
   ```
3. 打开 `.c` 或 `.h` 文件，开始编写代码！

---

### 注意事项
- 确保您的系统已安装 C 编译器（如 **gcc** 或 **clang**）以及 `make` 工具。
- 推荐使用 VS Code、Sublime Text 或 Vim 等代码编辑器，提升编程体验。

### 免责声明
- 本仓库为 **非官方** 项目，与 UC Berkeley 及 CS61C 教学团队无关。
- 所有课程内容版权归 UC Berkeley CS61C 团队所有，仅供 **个人学习和练习** 使用，请遵守学术诚信规定。

Commit message:

Update a tutorial (#1)
* update .gitignore and tools

* update a tutorial for venus and logisim

README.md, after:

# CS61C Assignments Repository

*English | [中文](#中文说明)*

---

## English

### Overview
This repository contains all **labs**, and **projects** for the UC Berkeley CS61C course. It is designed to facilitate practice and deepen your understanding of the course material.

You can fork this repository to create your own working environment, track your progress, and store your solutions.

### Features
- **Labs:** Hands-on practice to strengthen core concepts.
- **Projects:** Large-scale assignments to apply knowledge in real-world scenarios.

### How to Use

#### 1. Fork the Repository
1. Go to the repository: [CS61C-Assignments](https://github.com/InsideEmpire/CS61C-Assignments).
2. Click the "Fork" button in the top-right corner of the page to create your own copy of the repository.

#### 2. Clone Your Forked Repository
1. Open your terminal or command prompt.
2. Clone your forked repository to your local machine:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/CS61C-Assignments.git
   ```

#### 3. Work on Assignments
1. Navigate into the repository folder:
   ```bash
   cd CS61C-Assignments
   ```
2. Choose the directory for the assignment you want to work on (e.g., `hw01` for Homework 1):
   ```bash
   cd hw/hw01
   ```
3. Open the `.c` or `.h` files in your preferred text editor and start solving the problems!

---

### Notes
- Ensure you have the necessary tools installed, such as **gcc** or **clang** for compiling C code and a make tool for running tests.
- Use a text editor like VS Code, Sublime Text, or Vim for an enhanced coding experience.
- [Here](tools/tutorial.md) is a tutorial about how to set up an environment for Venus and Logisim. **Don't use the old `.jar` file that comes with Lab or Project.**

### Disclaimer
- This repository is **unofficial** and is not affiliated with or endorsed by UC Berkeley or the CS61C teaching team.
- All course materials and content are property of UC Berkeley CS61C staff and are provided here for **personal learning and practice** only. Please respect academic integrity policies.

---

## 中文说明

### 项目简介
本仓库包含了 UC Berkeley CS61C 课程的所有 **实验 (labs)** 和 **项目 (projects)**。通过 Fork 本仓库，您可以创建自己的工作环境，跟踪学习进度并保存作业的解答。

### 功能特色
- **实验 (labs)：** 实践操作，帮助加深对核心概念的理解。
- **项目 (projects)：** 通过大型项目，综合应用所学知识，解决现实问题。

### 使用方法

#### 1. Fork 本仓库
1. 打开仓库：[CS61C-Assignments](https://github.com/InsideEmpire/CS61C-Assignments)。
2. 点击页面右上角的 "Fork" 按钮，将仓库复制到您的 GitHub 账号下。

#### 2. 克隆您 Fork 的仓库
1. 打开终端或命令提示符。
2. 将 Fork 后的仓库克隆到本地：
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/CS61C-Assignments.git
   ```

#### 3. 开始完成作业
1. 进入仓库目录：
   ```bash
   cd CS61C-Assignments
   ```
2. 选择您想完成的作业目录，例如 `hw01` 表示家庭作业 1：
   ```bash
   cd hw/hw01
   ```
3. 打开 `.c` 或 `.h` 文件，开始编写代码！

---

### 注意事项
- 确保您的系统已安装 C 编译器（如 **gcc** 或 **clang**）以及 `make` 工具。
- 推荐使用 VS Code、Sublime Text 或 Vim 等代码编辑器，提升编程体验。
- 这是一份如何配置Venus和Logisim环境的[教程](tools/tutorial.md)。**请不要使用附带的`.jar`文件。**

### 免责声明
- 本仓库为 **非官方** 项目，与 UC Berkeley 及 CS61C 教学团队无关。
- 所有课程内容版权归 UC Berkeley CS61C 团队所有，仅供 **个人学习和练习** 使用，请遵守学术诚信规定。
